this superstar Billy Graham is at it
again this time he is lobbying Vince
McMahon and WWE to replace Dusty Rhodes
and make him the new promo coach at NXT
now nobody is going to doubt that in his
heyday Billy Graham was one of the best
promo men in all of wrestling if not the
best okay tons of guys have ripped him
off Hulk Hogan ripped him off Jesse
Ventura ripped him off both of them got
much of their stick from Billy Graham
that's a fact the way he talked the way
he dressed so could he be an asset to
NXT of course sure he could be but he
shouldn't be I find it laughable that
after all the mud that this guy is slung
at WWE and making a spectacle a few
years back of selling his hall-of-fame
ring which I think he did and demanding
the WWE remove him from their Hall of
Fame because Abdullah the Butcher is in
the Hall of Fame so I don't want to be
in the same Hall of Fame and even before
that when they cut him from their
payroll they had Billy Graham on their
payroll after they mended fences and
everything and they cut him because they
had no use for him anymore maybe they
were like budget cuts whatever it was
and he just he turned on them the guy
was getting a free paycheck from the
company for doing nothing and he turned
on them again he talked about what an
awful organization they were light light
like a sugar daddy cutting off his
girlfriend and the girlfriend throwing a
fit about it and so now here he is
begging Vince McMahon for a job this is
some of what he wrote on his facebook
page i just want to read some of this
here he said with all the rumors going
around about my interest concerning a
position with NXT that my dear friend
Dusty Rhodes had I thought it was
necessary to give you a direct statement
for me to set the record straight first
off I have been planning a I have been
planning to move back to Florida for
some time now my wife of 35 years is
from Tampa all of her family lives there
this morning tuesday june thirtieth 2015
i sent an email directly to vince
mcmahon informing him that if the
position that dusty once had has not yet
been filled that i am very much
interested in taking it since i am
moving back to live in florida i have
not heard back from Vince or any of his
staff as he is a very busy man
I am sure at some point I will get an
answer from Vince concerning this
question about my qualifications for
this position it should be obvious that
I am qualified for the NXT position of
coaching the younger talent about how to
do promos and communicate with the
worldwide WWE TV wrestling audience
although or also i should say i am not
so stupid that i would try to teach them
how to be charismatic to the level of a
dusty rose or myself one is born with
that level of charisma but a younger
wrestler can be taught to be more
confident in their delivery and bring
out their full potential in this area
this guy has got some brass balls let me
tell you I I hope they ignore him don't
even email them back don't don't give
him the satisfaction give the job to
somebody who actually deserves it this
guy deserves nothing from them just some
of the things he's had to say before
it's so inflammatory and just oh I just
I can't stand the guy they are the third